simplifcation in k8s deployments (#4213)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/deploying_server_kubernetes.md

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/refs/heads/main/extras/kserve/kserve-openvino.yaml -O
sed -i 's/openvino\/model_server:replace/openvino\/model_server:weekly/' kserve-openvino.yaml
kubectl apply -f kserve-openvino.yaml
```

> Note: Alternatively use the official image tag `2026.2` to deploy smaller image with support for CPU only or `2026.2-gpu` with support for GPU and CPU.

Reviewer: My scripts which prepare links on release branch will not catch it. Can't you just specify "latest" here? @dtrawins 
```suggestion
Note: Alternatively use the official image tag `latest` to deploy smaller image with support for CPU only or `latest-gpu` with support for GPU and CPU.
```

  predictor:
    model:
      runtime: kserve-openvino
      storageUri: "hf://OpenVINO/Qwen3-8B-int4-ov"
      modelFormat:
        name: huggingface
      args:
        - --task=text_generation
        - --tool_parser=hermes3
        - --reasoning_parser=qwen3 
        - --target_device=CPU

>         - --log_level=DEBUG

Reviewer 2: Is running on DEBUG mode expected here?
